💎(content) Adding publish/google-play-games (#418)
chromeos/chromeos.dev: site/en/publish/google-play-games.md

---
title: Cross-publishing Google Play Games for PC

> metadesc: How to ensure the Play Store will surface your Google Play Games titles listed on PC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metadesc: How to ensure the Chrome OS Play Store will surface your Google Play Games titles.
```

I think this meta description needs to be updated too? Here's a pass. Otherwise, it reads like it's for PC, not Chromebooks

Reviewer: Yah that works. Feel free to push an update with that

date: 2022-05-02

> weight: -8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weight: -7
```

This needs to come after the section introduction
